updated docs and samples based on new changes in dev (#120)
Microsoft/presidio: docs/field_types.md

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<hr/>
<h2>All fields</h2>

> In case you need to load all available fields in your Presidio deployment, you need to set the `allFields` flag to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you need Presidio to return all possible PII entities, in your Presidio deployment, you need to set the `allFields` flag to `true`.
```

Author: done
